Hello and welcome in this new section that we're going to cover our new future of the VM where that's
it is not short.
So it's not true is a very simple future of the word that we use it for a specific reason.
So the first what is a VM snapshot.
So it's not it's a very simple future that will lead us to get our copy of the virtual machine in a
specific time and use it for adding some updates or any editing.
If something wrong we can back to the preview version of the machine before editing or adding some updates
on the machine.
It's like a restoration system.
Any Windows operating system you use when you have for example a problem in your operating system and
try to fix it.
One of the options available is to restore the Windows Update view date.
For example when you start using your machine today you find that you have a problem today after Einstein
and a specific application you go to do start accesory and you have an option that's called restoration
of the system.
You check the available restore date available in the system.
For example you chose to restore the machine a week ago or two days ago and then you chose that specific
date and start the restoration of the operating system and your machine back to the preview state before
the problem happen.
So the same idea where we the virtual machine VM where we use the snap shot.
So we have our virtual machine that's a virtual machine connected to our VM dequeue find the Virtual
Hard Disk of this digital machine that vindictive file have all the data of this between machine like
to operating system to application DocI mom fight etc. are the things that you create drag this virtual
machine sit in our VM.
Did you find the original VM DK fine so when we want to use a snapshot of this virtual machine we do
it.
Abdula bit of do.
VM dignifies So the snapshots work at the level of VM dequeue fine.
Does not have any relation about the brain of the virtual machine like to see you do run.
No we talk about storage.
So in a specific time for example a specific time or date or a moment you run our Snapshot to this virtual
machine.
And then you start and start any application after that snapshot or after that specific date to make
any changes that you want.
So what's happened when you start a snapshot in a virtual machine.
So in this example this virtual machine connected to this VM Dick file.
And this is your machine.
Right and right in this theme dignified in the specific time zone.
This moment right.
No.
You chose to run a snapshot to this virtual machine.
What's this virtual machine do is it creates a new VM define that they top of the dick you find it's
a small disk a smug virtual disk like this one but it's a new one that is empty.
Does not have any information yet.
And freeze this one.
It's like this mushy stop.
Read and write from this does it start read and read from the new one.
But the new one still connected to do our original one.
So we have original VM VM decie fine disk that I fight with only when we run the snapshot.
This this could become only phone read only the virtual machine contact this VM could find for read
only then when any change happens with this virtual machine it's it in the new VM dequeue file that's
got it.
VM did you find this got up at 5.
Read and write.
So the new VM Dickie file is available for write and read for any change in the block.
So to get our big idea right here that's mean.
Use that is this virtual machine and you are as an administrator before doing the snapshot it it's in
Hopman from the user inside this machine.
It saves it in this VM you're fine.
When you run a snapshot to dissipate your machine you freeze this VM.
Dick if I mean you close any change with this one it's become for real only and you use that when you
click save for a specific file or a document or an excel file or anything that he do when individual
machine and chose to save.
That's fine.
It's saved in this new VM.
Dicky again when do you try to load.
Ah another fine he loaded from this one a loader Dokument or a another excel file or are there bays
or a power plant.
It's so low the fire alarm does this.
In the dream or derivates your machine he mixed it in there when he tried to save it you automatically
see it in New York.
Then you're fine.
So this is our Snapshot.
How it's work so change.
BLOCK copied when snapshot is deleted.
We're going to see this option later.
So this is the idea when you run a snapshot do VM work periods on your virtual VM Dictaphone to save
any change happen after that specific date.
That moment when you're chose to take a snapshot this is a specific date.
Any change after that date will save into your VM dignified.